Explicitly state the TCP/IP port used by the WebGUI (80). (#122)
openthread/ot-docs: site/en/guides/border-router/web-gui.md

## Access the Web GUI

Access the Web GUI by visiting the OTBR's local IPv4 address in a browser window.

> WebGUI uses the standard TCP/IP port designated for HTTP, which is port 80.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Web GUI uses the standard TCP/IP port designated for HTTP, which is port 80.
```
